Looks more like a dashboard.
Now, one cool thing we can do is clerk
gives us the ability to add this widget,
where a user can go manage their
user without us having to do it.
So we'll add that in our header.
So let's do that.
So in our header,
I'm gonna add another div in here,
and I'm gonna give it a class
name of h-full w-full.
And I'm gonna give it a padding left and
right of, I don't know,
6, which is not 6 pixels,
it's almost 2 rems.
And I'm gonna make it a flex
with an items of center,
which will center it vertically.
And I'm gonna make it a justify-end,
so it pushes all the way to the end.
And then from there,
I'm just going to use the UserButton
component from @clerk/nextjs.
I'm just gonna put it right in there,
For the free.
If I go back, boom, I get this.
Dang, you didn't even have to make it.
It would've took you three weeks to
make that with the animations and for
your senior engineer
to finally approve it.
Get it for the free.
Cool, so you can click on this and
manage your account and do stuff.
So, awesome.
It's looking good now,
it's looking really good.
So now what we wanna do is start
working on the journal page,
actually starting to populating
our journal entries.
What does that look like?
Everything we gonna need for
that, API calls and stuff, but
also creating the journal entry and
having to deal with state.
This is where we're gonna get really
creative with how we deal with
client components and
server components and
API routes and how they all work
together to create something.
So, and I didn't just do
it because you can't do it,
I literally only did it the way that
I'm like this is how I would do it.
So everything that we will be doing
is truly how I think I would do it.
Not because I'm like,
how do I integrate this feature in here,
that's just not how I build apps.
I might do that in a intro course, but
not in a course while
building a full stack up.
So I want you to see how I would do it.